Basic group input docs (#5447)
pachyderm/pachyderm: doc/docs/master/reference/pipeline_spec.md

* `input.pfs.lazy` — see the description in [PFS Input](#pfs-input).
* `input.pfs.empty_files` — see the description in [PFS Input](#pfs-input).

#### Group Input

> A group input lets you group files that are stored in separate

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A group input lets you group files that are stored in one or multiple
```
